Natalie Austin: What's your name,
LGL64VL: Christopher Arnold.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Welcome
LGL64VL: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: We've been in treatment before
Yeah.
LGL64VL: I've actually been through bright heart before I actually was with Dr. Malik.
LGL64VL: Okay, and then I ended up moving, moving Springfield. And then, me and my wife. We reconciled and I got back together and I'm a backup compensation. My wife has a patient of yours as well so
Natalie Austin: Wonderful. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha, gotcha. Oh, Roxanne
Yes.
Natalie Austin: She's awesome. Okay, cool.
Natalie Austin: Tell me about your
Natalie Austin: Opioids story how you got into what happened.
LGL64VL: I'm really truth. I was the more I was going through a divorce and and my wife at the time she was on pain pills from a surgery.
LGL64VL: And we separated and I heard that she was out in the streets doing real bad and I had custody of my kids.
LGL64VL: So I let her move back in start stealing from me and I just want her to admit that she was using. And then I finally got her to
LGL64VL: And she pulled this story were all on Gary going to jail. And I want to quit on my own terms. If I can just use one last time and then quit. So I end up buying it for and
LGL64VL: I've never seen anybody do it says like let me, let me see you do this and you want to try it and it went from there and it's snowball. Yeah. So my first time ever using was intravenous
LGL64VL: And it was here when I didn't even use pain pills and I say,
Okay.
Natalie Austin: How long ago was that
LGL64VL: About 10 years ago.
LGL64VL: Yeah, I've been in recovery or a treatment place for about five, four or five years now.
Natalie Austin: Okay, Stephen Suboxone for five years.
LGL64VL: Whoa savvy text.
LGL64VL: Me, I have allergic reaction to the locks in
LGL64VL: It swell up. And sometimes I'll even get like source like little white heads will pop up and then you know obviously that'll get infected and turn the big source that's it's pretty nasty.
Oh, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Like, hi. Yes, sir. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: It will you take the subway texts eight milligrams twice a day, once a day.
LGL64VL: Twice a day.
Twice.
Natalie Austin: A day you
Natalie Austin: Are you are your current your current prescription or do you need a new one now or
LGL64VL: I've been without for about three weeks now, because my insurance lapse.
LGL64VL: I actually had all the paperwork and everything done for bright heart about three weeks ago.
LGL64VL: My insurance lamps and it's been a fight to get it back. I just got back this week.
Natalie Austin: So good Miley
LGL64VL: Yes, is it's been it's been help pardon my French.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: So you never take any kind of pills or anything. Just break to be. How long were you in doing IV heroin. How many years.
LGL64VL: Oh, gosh. Oh, we haven't done with the treatment. So I say good five, six years.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: You stay with your wife those five, six years that you did it.
LGL64VL: Yes, you.
LGL64VL: Know we separated. Yeah, we end up separating
Natalie Austin: Anyway,
LGL64VL: Yeah, find issues prostituting and stuff like that. So as a part of that. Yeah. And I ended up catching a case myself over a fire sign of one prison. But yeah, so we separated
Natalie Austin: History of HIV or
LGL64VL: Pepsi, Pepsi. Yes, I've had his seat, but I'm last time I checked, they said I was clear of it.
Natalie Austin: Oh, did you take treatment or did you clear yourself.
LGL64VL: Clear myself.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
LGL64VL: Good, yeah, I was shocked you, like, I didn't think that could happen, but
LGL64VL: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: There's different types of Pepsi. So some of you can clear yourself. Yeah.
Cool.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay so past medical history would include
Natalie Austin: Previous Pepsi.
Natalie Austin: Anything else like high blood pressure, diabetes, or
LGL64VL: HEART CONDITION. Um, I was in the Marine Corps. I got a medical discharge for cardiomyopathy.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Anyway, healthy
LGL64VL: clean bill of health.
Natalie Austin: No, high blood pressure, diabetes, thyroid
Natalie Austin: Asthma
Natalie Austin: Is it depression.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco use
LGL64VL: Yes, unfortunately.
Natalie Austin: Surgeries
Natalie Austin: Okay, sounds like to me. What age.
LGL64VL: Probably about six or seven
Natalie Austin: You still have your appendix, and your gallbladder.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Family history or your parents so alive.
Know,
Natalie Austin: WHAT AGE THEY WERE deceased number like
LGL64VL: 70 5060 early 60s.
Natalie Austin: Well they healthy. Otherwise, are they
LGL64VL: For the most part they you know I know my dad was pretty healthy. He worked out a lot throughout the course of his life. My mother, she really wasn't she's played with. She smoked and took pills and you know what I mean. So you know that, guys.
Natalie Austin: They died, that's what causes or was it like disease they had
LGL64VL: Well, my mother, she went in for surgery. This is kind of silly cuz she went in for surgery that she knew her body can handle and she died on the operating table.
LGL64VL: Yeah.
My father
LGL64VL: And
LGL64VL: I believe for gallbladder.
LGL64VL: Yeah, and
Natalie Austin: She wouldn't make it off the table.
LGL64VL: Yeah, it's it's really, it's really sad situation because my mother had a falling out right beforehand and she had told
LGL64VL: me one moment. Pretty close. And she told people that she was going to go ahead and have the surgery down and I didn't tell me what she did. And I found out to an end and I mean it can pick me up from work like able to get to get to the hospital ASAP.
Natalie Austin: Sorry.
Natalie Austin: Your dad.
LGL64VL: The password natural causes.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: They were
LGL64VL: And I was, I was never really close to my father, my mother, she was 63
LGL64VL: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Let's young. Yeah.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You have any brothers or sisters
LGL64VL: I have three brothers.
Natalie Austin: Older younger
LGL64VL: Or older
Natalie Austin: Oh, you're the baby huh
LGL64VL: Yes, yes.
Or boys.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Boys are awesome know
LGL64VL: You can be
Natalie Austin: Easier than girls I've heard
LGL64VL: Yeah, that's what I hear TV and yeah
Natalie Austin: Less drama.
LGL64VL: Yes, exactly.
Natalie Austin: Um, do they have any diseases, any problems.
LGL64VL: Um, I don't have one is alive and the other two dead from druggies
Natalie Austin: Okay, which one is alive. The oldest
Natalie Austin: Little
LGL64VL: Middle, yeah.
Natalie Austin: The third one down.
LGL64VL: The third one. Yes. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So your first the first two, the two older brothers died.
Natalie Austin: So sorry.
LGL64VL: Yeah, I don't even talk to the middle, brother. Yeah.
OK.
Natalie Austin: I see. Okay. Those he's healthy
LGL64VL: Yeah. Yes. For some further know nobody's calling to me state or anything, but he lives in Springfield.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: Any allergies anything
LGL64VL: Just no oxen
Natalie Austin: Any medications.
LGL64VL: I guess I'm allergic to bees to
LGL64VL: The fact if
Natalie Austin: You take any medications of any sort, besides the sub sub you
Know,
Natalie Austin: Okay and review systems. Do you have any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
LGL64VL: I'm as of right now.
LGL64VL: No nausea.
LGL64VL: I think that's also just because of lack of medication.
Natalie Austin: Right, you can kind of go into what's wrong.
LGL64VL: You want and what I've been buying them off the street and I mean if I can, you know, change to try to self medicate Sam, but I haven't
LGL64VL: I haven't gone back to hear when that's for sure.
Natalie Austin: Good. Yeah, don't do that.
LGL64VL: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Let's, let's tell me, did heroin like
LGL64VL: Five years ago.
LGL64VL: Yeah, to easily five years back when I moved down to Springfield. And whenever me my wife separated. I was staying with a buddy that was still using and
LGL64VL: It got to where he was borrowing money off me about the right just so he can get well and I got sick of it. So I would actually even hold on to his dope for him until the morning. So, you know, I mean, so he you know what basically wouldn't use me anymore for any more money.
LGL64VL: And I wouldn't touch it, so I'm
Natalie Austin: Gonna bring him to this treatment program.
Natalie Austin: Yes, tell about right heart.
LGL64VL: Oh, yeah. Yeah, why don't you
talk to that guy. I'm not
LGL64VL: Even better. Yes.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm social history.
Natalie Austin: Do you Are you employed employed.
Natalie Austin: Employed, what do you do
LGL64VL: Self Employed we do storage lockers
Natalie Austin: Oh, yes. Tell me about that. Yeah, yeah.
Natalie Austin: We're married
LGL64VL: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes.
No kids.
Natalie Austin: Anti tobacco use. Since age, what
LGL64VL: Age 686 yeah
LGL64VL: By age seven, because the first year I DIDN'T INHALE and my brothers would bust me out what y'all eat it. Inhale, you're wasting it is, it's always when I started smoking when starting press my brother's
LGL64VL: Oh yeah, and is it stupid. Now I'm addicted to it and
LGL64VL: Thanks, guys.
Natalie Austin: I know any Apple you
Know,
Natalie Austin: Marijuana
LGL64VL: And from time to time I have been here lately. Since I've been without my medication and I mean it's kind of like a crutch even I really shouldn't. But truth be told,
Natalie Austin: You have your medical marijuana card.
LGL64VL: No I do not. I know, I know, I know I need to get one. Well, the last place I was at they didn't allow you to have medical marijuana and still go through them. So
Natalie Austin: That's
LGL64VL: Why I didn't even try to do at the time.
Natalie Austin: Even though it's legal, you have a card.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Straight
LGL64VL: Yeah, and and that's what I thought, too, but
LGL64VL: Yeah I don't fight the system. I just roll with it.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: It's always legal if you have your card.
Natalie Austin: Shows up in your urine. You don't get in trouble.
Exactly.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, look into it. Maybe add that to your list of to do's because
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you're a look into it you know how to look forward to get it off the internet. Yeah.
LGL64VL: Oh, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Do you know anyone that has a medical marijuana card.
LGL64VL: Yeah. Actually, my father modus
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay. I asked him if you have any questions.
LGL64VL: Exactly. Yeah. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, we're going back to the review systems are you said you have some nausea.
Natalie Austin: Yellow fever, chills, any diarrhea. They really goes with it. I know.
LGL64VL: Yeah. Yesterday diary. Okay.
LGL64VL: Headaches, I give them real problem sleeping.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, insomnia,
Natalie Austin: Be positive insomnia.
Natalie Austin: Any headaches are blurred vision,
LGL64VL: Not so much blurred vision, I get headaches, some time time
Natalie Austin: Yeah, headaches, headaches,
Natalie Austin: A suicidal thoughts.
LGL64VL: Wife's mad at me.
Natalie Austin: I'm just joking. I'm just homicidal right and have
LGL64VL: A problem with the homicidal thoughts.
Natalie Austin: Okay, otherwise 14 point system is negative physical exam general waterfall owners white male know keep the stress.
Natalie Austin: How tall are you,
LGL64VL: I'm six foot
Natalie Austin: Height is six foot weight is
190 990
Natalie Austin: high wages 190
Natalie Austin: At AMP T Perla cardiac causes intact lungs. Now later restorations ablin Mon descended.
Natalie Austin: Cardiac regular rate and rhythm.
Natalie Austin: Abdomen on descended.
Natalie Austin: Extremities know Dema musculoskeletal five last I
Natalie Austin: In know rashes.
Natalie Austin: Neuro cranial nerve to through 12 and tact. It's like alert and oriented. It's three
Natalie Austin: Know suicidal thoughts.
Natalie Austin: Were bad not be, you know, or lymphatics Nolan, fair enough to tell you the firm.
Natalie Austin: Next line assessment.
Natalie Austin: opioid abuse F1 1.10
Natalie Austin: Mild
Natalie Austin: Cardiomyopathy a previous Pepsi resolved.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco use
Natalie Austin: Next line plan will continue to study tax.
Natalie Austin: eight milligrams twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Follow up next Thursday and group, we have a group meeting next Thursday.
Natalie Austin: At noon.
LGL64VL: I know. Is that something that this is she would have to be doing the group who I should probably do we have to come to the same group submission when I'm asking
Natalie Austin: I think so, yeah.
LGL64VL: OK. OK.
Natalie Austin: I'll see you I got
Natalie Austin: Okay. It's noon and six.
Natalie Austin: It's Thursday.
Natalie Austin: If you want individual counseling. You're more than welcome to we offer that as well.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: If your individual with me can do that as well, too. But I'll be in on the meetings on Thursdays to renew your mags. Okay. You have any questions there. I can answer them for you. Okay. Luckily urine drug screens.
LGL64VL: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, I've been impatient for you guys. I
LGL64VL: Mean, yeah.
LGL64VL: So I actually have to help my wife with her first one
Natalie Austin: I'm yeah I'm not sure if we the years are coming to your house now where you're going to quest.
LGL64VL: Know they come to the house.
Natalie Austin: They are okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, perfect.
Natalie Austin: I like the strobe lights.
LGL64VL: Stroke my vicious my TV.
Is it
LGL64VL: The TV.
LGL64VL: TV in a small room.
Natalie Austin: My son has a computer has strobe lights around it.
Natalie Austin: That's what it looks like.
Natalie Austin: I thought it was
Natalie Austin: Um, yeah, so you know year old how you know the the counseling and the drug screens.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, check wars monthly
Natalie Austin: Copies to Dr. Davis and for cosine discuss medical marijuana card.
Natalie Austin: Thing that
Natalie Austin: Recommend tobacco cessation.
Natalie Austin: And all we're also going to send you. I'm
Natalie Austin: A wreck, just to get general labs.
Natalie Austin: You have that last time you were with us.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: It just checked your, you know, liver and kidney and everything. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: No worries. Yeah, um,
Natalie Austin: I think the quest lab is still open over there. I'm not sure. I think the labs are still open.
Natalie Austin: During the week. I mean, not right now. Did you get a lab rat in the email yet.
LGL64VL: Um, I haven't checked, to be honest with you. So
Natalie Austin: Vicious and all that to you.
LGL64VL: Yeah, they're pretty good about doing that to say
That
Natalie Austin: You have any other questions.
Natalie Austin: Cover everything
Natalie Austin: That script sent out make sure we have the right pharmacy. Okay, so don't leave. I want to change screens here.
LGL64VL: Helps you then.
LGL64VL: We should have asked her.
LGL64VL: Stuff like that and
LGL64VL: She usually stays on afterward, just talk to you.
LGL64VL: Today,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I got cut off today because I I had an appointment today.
I know
Natalie Austin: Yeah, with you.
LGL64VL: Yeah.
LGL64VL: It's okay.
Natalie Austin: We still need to
Natalie Austin: Do you still need me. Roxanne
LGL64VL: I was just gonna ask you about, I don't know if you do that or not, but I like have sleeping like
LGL64VL: I cannot sleep early at all. And I literally take like a shit kind of Tylenol PM. And I know that's not good for my freakin liver, so I didn't know if there was something else that you could prescribe me to help me sleep or not.
Natalie Austin: Can you take melatonin.
LGL64VL: Yes, it does nothing for me at all like I yeah i mean i would i took it for, you know, a few days to because somebody told me that
LGL64VL: You got to build it up before, it'll work and it's it's don't work for me. I don't know. I've always had trouble sleeping.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: There's nothing really that's not an opiate or I'm not a we don't like to use the benzo is the problem.
Natalie Austin: They interact
LGL64VL: Yeah, they used to give me elevate or amitriptyline or whatever.
Natalie Austin: Or the
LGL64VL: President at other places that are not narcotic or non narcotic. But if if
LGL64VL: I mean, I'm sure I can get a primary care to prescribe me something I just
Natalie Austin: I might be able to track them.
LGL64VL: Okay, well, and whatever you can do. I'm it'd be much appreciated.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: We have that two years.
LGL64VL: Mr.
Natalie Austin: Do you guys have the same form, Chris, do you have the same pharmacies.
LGL64VL: Are you
Natalie Austin: Putting your script. And now, so let me see if it goes through x w
LGL64VL: Hopefully I can pick it up tonight.
Natalie Austin: I hope it's I'm trying to get it done.
Natalie Austin: Pharmacies close early. I gotta get everybody's done here.
Natalie Austin: See if yours is through here.
Natalie Austin: Okay, Kroger on
Natalie Austin: East Asian or something. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Very cool.
Natalie Austin: Your phone number 647219802
LGL64VL: Yes, that's my friend. Yeah, that's correct.
Natalie Austin: Good Rx text whenever I send scripts out
Yeah.
LGL64VL: Even your
LGL64VL: Yeah, just got any message.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's really
Cool.
Natalie Austin: 16647977
LGL64VL: That's a good selfie. You have your right there. I just know seen that
Natalie Austin: Six for seven months. Oh, yeah.
LGL64VL: selfies. Please, uh,
LGL64VL: Huh.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, let's say it one through years one through
Natalie Austin: Huh, yeah. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Let me check one more place just make a note that I sent you the script.
LGL64VL: Mr. Grey.
LGL64VL: One.
LGL64VL: Mr. Rooney
LGL64VL: And we can just call her baby.
Natalie Austin: So your dog.
LGL64VL: Or cat.
LGL64VL: To kitten kittens.
Oh,
LGL64VL: Mr grain no name.
LGL64VL: No name.
LGL64VL: Power
Natalie Austin: I'll say what through awesome
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: The script went through certainly don't pick it up tonight.
LGL64VL: What, how does your pharmacy closed, you know,
Natalie Austin: Nine o'clock, nine.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Your time I'll be ready.
LGL64VL: Yeah. Well, it's actually 730 in Ohio. But yes, there should be enough time for them.
Natalie Austin: I mean, I'm right over the border. I'm in Pennsylvania.
LGL64VL: Okay, okay.
Yeah.
LGL64VL: They understand new branch in California. So every time I talk to somebody. I just assumed from California.
Natalie Austin: I'm like, well, sort of Pittsburgh Boardman Ohio.
Natalie Austin: Oregon is right over the border from me. It's
LGL64VL: Like
Natalie Austin: 20 minutes for me.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions for me.
LGL64VL: Know man with it.
Natalie Austin: I think we covered a lot
Natalie Austin: Missing here.
Natalie Austin: The last time. Did you see it were show last time you are with us as a counselor.
LGL64VL: I'm not certainly be honest with you.
LGL64VL: I really couldn't
Natalie Austin: She's the one she's one of the rocks Nancy's
Natalie Austin: D Ernie. I can't pronounce her last name di H ER and why
Natalie Austin: African American lady. Sure.
LGL64VL: I'm soon.
Natalie Austin: As
Natalie Austin: She's the one we see on Thursdays at noon and six, she
Natalie Austin: Nice. She is nice. I know.
LGL64VL: She says to have some good stuff to say to
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Does
Natalie Austin: So yeah, I guess you'll recognize where if you see you next week. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, um,
Natalie Austin: I guess it's everything.
Natalie Austin: All right, any other questions. No.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Your evening.
LGL64VL: Thank you very much. I'll see you next Thursday. Then
Yep.
Natalie Austin: So you don't know yet.
LGL64VL: I'm, I'm not certain.
LGL64VL: Maybe the new
Natalie Austin: Wait and see
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You're working. Oh yeah, I guess you guys working because your own hours, though, so you might
Natalie Austin: come later.
Natalie Austin: I'll pull that in Roxanne for you okay with the other stuff.
LGL64VL: Thank you, Natalie.
LGL64VL: You're welcome. Appreciate it.
Natalie Austin: If you brought it up before is 50 okay
Natalie Austin: Yeah, or 100. I don't know what you had before.
LGL64VL: Um, I had done hundreds before but whatever you whatever you can give me
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'll look through your heart. And it's because I'll do the hundred seven. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay.
You
Natalie Austin: Take care.
Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Bye bye.
Bye guys.